docs: Explain storage/location import options (#1779)
CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer: config/storage/README.md

* *memory*: Store everything in memory.
* *resource-store*: Store everything in a specific container in the resource store.

## Location

Tells the server where it can find the storage root(s).
Solid does not allow storage roots to be nested,

> so usually you either have 1 storage root at the server with no pods,
> or multiple storage roots at pod level with an inaccessible server root.
> 
> * *pod*: Indicates that the root storages are at pod level.
>          In case subdomains are used for pods, this will also include the actual server root.
> * *root*: There is only 1 storage root, and it is the same as the server root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so usually you either have one storage root at the server with no pods,
or multiple storage roots at pod level with an inaccessible server root.

* *pod*: Indicates that the root storages are at pod level.
         If subdomains are used for pods, this will also include the actual server root.
* *root*: There is only one storage root, and it is the same as the server root.
```
